Scott,

Here are the website files. I find that I am feeling uneasy about this.
I certainly don't mind helping someone, and this whole Avi thing has
been something I've been uncertain how to navigate as it happens.  I
find it difficult in this situation to know exactly at the moment what
is right for me but it just seems like I don't feel comfortable with him
not knowing.

I know this is weird, but it didn't really strike me that I was helping
to move all of your website from Avi's server until I did it. I guess
the part I am feeling uneasy about is that he doesn't know and basically
I am taking his account away from him when he is really ill. Even though
I am just helping someone out and not really "stealing" an account, I do
find it difficult to do such a thing.  I would ethically feel a heck of
a lot better if you would talk to him about this. I will talk to Gee
tomorrow also to see that he knows where I stand. I apologize for not
being clearer, and it seemed liked a good thing for me to do for someone
and quick and easy, but I found that my conscience bothered me a lot
once I started pulling down the site and getting ready to send it to
you. Of course, you can choose to move your account anywhere you want,
and, of course, I wasn't aware of my feelings till I got to the point of
taking it down. I am more than happy to help out but would feel A LOT
better if he knew.

I want to fulfill the part that I said I would with you. I am attaching
the files irregardless of my ethical standing right now so you have
them. Let's talk about this tomorrow as it is a little late to be
calling. Maybe you and I could go to the hospital tomorrow and let him
know.

Thank Scott,
Catherine
